Handle context=None in convert_unit when input/output GHG species match (#369)
IAMconsortium/pyam: RELEASE_NOTES.md

## Individual Updates

> - [#369](https://github.com/IAMconsortium/pyam/pull/369) `convert_units()`: support GWP conversion of same GHG species without context, lower-case aliases for species symbols.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#369](https://github.com/IAMconsortium/pyam/pull/369) `convert_unit()` supports GWP conversion of same GHG species without context, lower-case aliases for species symbols.
```

>   [#369](https://github.com/IAMconsortium/pyam/pull/369) iam-units refactored from a Git submodule to a Python dependency of pyam.

Reviewer: please order in descending order and add description like "bugfix to allow same-species mass conversion"

Author: Done!
